welcome back to an honest movie recap
and review today
we look at netflix originals monster
action adventure set seven years after
the great monster apocalypse we take a
deep dive
into loving monsters
the movie starts with our protagonist
joel played by dylan o'brien
as he's narrating how the world as we
know it came to an end
seven years ago when the planet
destroyed an asteroid heading towards
earth
but the nuclear fallout caused countless
creatures to mutate
causing mankind to nearly become extinct
with 95
of the world population disappearing in
less than a year we joined y'all in a
bunker which he shares with a dozen
other survivors
unfortunately for joel everyone else has
found love apart from himself
and a cow called gertie the bunker
shortly comes under attack
it's here as the inhabitants are picked
off one at a time
we find out that joel however much he
wants to help becomes immobilized with
fear and under pressure he survives a
close encounter when another survivor
takes out the creature
just before joel is eaten deciding that
he doesn't want to die alone
he decides to leave the relative safety
of the bunker and head above ground
to travel the seven days it will take to
reach the location in which his
ex-girlfriend amy
resides this is decided after a
flashback that shows the start of the
apocalypse
and after they lose radio communication
with amy's bunker
as joel leaves it shows just how much he
is loved by the others in his colony
but nonetheless joel decides he has no
other choice
and heads above ground to start on his
journey
as his adventure begins joel gets lost
immediately
we see signs of a destroyed world
overrun by monsters
it's here while searching an abandoned
home joel meets boy
his beloved new companion after nearly
been eaten
by a giant frog thanks to boy joel
survives and we learned that boy's
previous owner hadn't returned
for a very long time in the morning joel
continues his quest
boy joining him along the way after not
wanting to be left behind and alone
before long what seems like a simple
journey shows just how
dangerous it can be dodgy monsters as
they get closer to their goal
it's here joel finds himself trapped in
a pit about to be devoured by giant
creatures
but at the last minute he's rescued by
the walking dead's merle and his
surrogate daughter
together they continue on their way
clyde and minnow as they
are called teach joel what it takes to
actually survive above ground
all the while growing a strong
family-like relationship
teaching you all what to do and not to
do gives joe all he will need to try and
survive
on his own it's here he found out
there's some good monsters out there as
well
and you can tell through their eyes
before long they find themselves heading
their separate ways
clyde and minnow heading to the
mountains and joel continues towards the
sea
and amy's colony but before they go
their separate ways
they make sure joel will know how and
where to find them
as boy and joel continue we come to see
joel grow as a character
and as an unlikely hero a journey
through a swamp continues
but something isn't right and boy finds
himself
scared it's here they are attacked by a
giant centipede
joel faced his fears while having a
flashback of how his parents were killed
but not giving up joel saves his beloved
boy as their friendship is cemented
during a rainstorm they find refuge in
an abandoned building
inside is a robot by the name of mavis
mavis has less than an hour of battery
time before she will power down
for good joel uses mavis power to
contact amy
it's here she tells him that a party
from another colony has arrived
and they are about to be rescued after
some heartfelt moments
joel takes mavis outside to see the
world one last time
it's here surrounded by beautiful and
harmless sky jellies
maybe his powers down one last time as
joel looks on
heartbroken as dawn breaks they bury
mavis as they continue on the last nine
miles
danger ever present passing a massive
sinkhole they encounter their toughest
foe yet
only surviving after blowing it up with
a grenade cliff presented them with
before going their separate ways after
swimming across the river to catch up
with boy
and removing countless leeches from his
body joel starts to hallucinate from the
blood loss and poison
but just before he passes out he finds
amy
waking up inside amy's colony it's here
he found out
it wasn't amy he kissed but actually old
pete
while he was hallucinating we also found
out amy has lost someone she loved and
isn't ready for a new relationship
and that the colonies in the process
have been rescued by three strangers
and their yachts joel and amy have a
heart-to-heart in which
joel realizes that his family are back
at his old bunker and he needs to get
back to them
as soon as possible as they themselves
are in danger after their bunker
keeps getting breached before setting
sail a leaving party is thrown that
evening by the rescuers
but during the party joel realizes that
these saviors
aren't actually the good guys and are
trying to get everyone drunk
and also try to poison joel in an
attempt to kill him
joel is then subdued when he wakes up in
the morning
the full colony has been handcuffed as
the party from the yacht
pillage anything and everything of value
this
is how they actually survive they then
destroy the radio tower
and decide to feed their captives to
their yacht's power source
a giant crab who they electrocute to
have it do their
evil bidding before they're eaten joel
and amy break free
amy goes to face the three bad guys
while joel is left to face down
the killer crab through pure looking
heart
amy and joel are able to subdue two of
the bad guys
but just as joel is about to be eaten by
the killer crab
he looks deep into his eyes and realizes
it isn't evil but in pain and his
suffering
so instead of killing it he frees it in
gratitude it leaves them be
and kills the crew of the yacht pulling
them into a watery grave
it's here joel and amy have a moment as
joel decides to leave
and head back to his colony vowing to
come back and make it work
joel swiftly makes it back home to his
family and they decide that it's time to
start living again
above ground joel sends out a message to
all the colonies of how to survive
they all head above ground and head to
the mountains to join clyde and minnow
a happy ending and leaving off in a
great position for a sequel
though it's already pretty great as a
standalone movie
lover monsters it's fun sweet
action-packed and it will keep you
entertained from the start till the
credits roll
the acting is on point the story is top
notch
and we have a winning movie that most of
the family will enjoy
so if you enjoyed our recap don't forget
to hit that like button
it really helps us grow and until next
time stay safe
take care don't let those monsters eat
you and i'll see you all
in the next one